c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\TestApp-Windows.exe
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\TestApp-Windows.pdb
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\obj\x86\Debug\TestApp-Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\obj\x86\Debug\TestApp-Windows.exe
c:\users\Public\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\obj\x86\Debug\TestApp-Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bullet.xnb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.xnb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\myship.xnb
C:\Users\Public\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestApp\TestApp-Windows\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\test.xnb
